---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-29T00:21:12.559Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-29T00:20:14.414Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-29-f080bd8e-600d-463b-b1f8-270f8250bce7.md
published: true
url: f080bd8e-600d-463b-b1f8-270f8250bce7/index.html
_type: Article

---
Welcome to Wyndmyll Creations. Wyndmyll Creations was an idea that was quickly put into place in June of 2015\. The use of drones for Aerial projects, videography, and photography was growing rapidly. So Wyndmyll Creations was born. We are located in Slapout, AL. and look to provide you with a platform, to assist you, in getting stunning images to your customers, or family and friends. We are here to help you show what type of business you are in, help you create memories you want to share, or the home you are wanting to sell, to name a few of our services. The uses of aerial photography and videography are endless. Some examples are : Real Estate, Agriculture, Safety inspections, Hunting, Aerial mapping, Search & Rescue, and advertising, just to name a few. 

Get in touch with us here at Wyndmyll Creations, and let us elevate your business, family event, or city/public event, and put you above the crowd. Don't settle for a first person's view, when you can get a bird's eye view, of what you really want to see. Contact us and we will work with you to create the perfect video or perfect picture for your business or event. Be sure to look for us on Facebook and Youtube, listed under Wynmyll Creations. We are looking forward to working with you, and God Bless You !